hi I know a lot of people dismiss this
movie because yeah there's a lot of
these types of blah Satine movies out
there but I kind of liked it
I gave it a jr. price not only because
I'm a sucker for long takes and they do
a lot in this movie because of how
brutal it was but because it had a twist
ending that's kind of divided people but
again I kind of liked it
let me explain so this is based off of a
true story which again I know a lot of
people are quick to dismiss it with
other law sets see movies but it's a lot
of slave movies out there doesn't mean
they're true stories can't be told this
was actually produced by Shailene so you
know she's getting her money she's going
all out getting drenched in the water
she's got her pokies out all movie skins
blistery and she's so tan she looks like
a black Rachel Dolezal and if it wasn't
for her meeting this guy right here she
probably would have been okay it takes
place in the 80s and she's pretty much
this drifter who falls in love with the
Sailor and they get paid big bucks to
sell a luxury boat from Tahiti to San
Diego a place you will never catch me in
the middle of Sam Claflin on the other
hand has been getting used to getting
hurt and then sitting around the whole
movie while women take care of him and
this one's no different most of these
other movies are always about guys
surviving out in the ocean so I think
it's really interesting to see a woman
do it because her story ain't even
fictional the boat looks just like what
we what happened to the vote I mean it
looks just like the hosana and the masts
ripped out I mean thinks and their one
mask just just twisted and yanked out I
mean it's just exactly how it looked
it's also directed by the dude who did
Everest which I thought was an okay
movie but it looked fantastic adrift in
my opinion looks even better there's a
bunch of one takes where Shailene is
coming from the bottom of the boat to
the top then on the side they all just
look sexy then there's this other one
where the waves are in the background it
takes you a little bit to realize oh
snap that that thing's getting bigger
it's taking up half the screen is just a
bunch of things that it does right it's
by the end of the movie however where
you realize that of course she has to
live someone's got to tell the true
story but to twist in the movie is
something that I picked up on not only
before watching it but it gets confirmed
like 15 minutes in see it's told slumdog
style with a bunch of flashbacks through
outs on how they met but one of the
first things that the guy brings up when
they first meet
is that you will get hallucinations when
you're out at sea and my man was never
really there like Joaquin now some
audiences didn't like this clearly as
you can see right there but I thought it
worked you know because it is based off
of a true story and maybe it's because I
caught on to it quicker so I noticed a
little subtleties in it but if you read
her autobiography she talks about how
she kept hearing voices specifically his
voice he kept having flashbacks to him
and the movie pretty much just visually
captures that experience in a phenomenal
way in my opinion I don't know I liked
the movie I thought it was good and the
whole point of this video is just you
know for those of you who dismissed it
to maybe give it a chance cuz I think
it's visually pleasing and you know
that's the whole point of this channel
for me to just explain my thoughts on
movies and also I'm cancelling my Disney
cruise think guys freaking out this
video like I said I think it's
definitely worth that jr. price if you
can catch her in a matinee mainly
because again the visuals for it really
surprised me the sound surprised me yeah
the story isn't anything too new but I
still thought it was worth it and I'm
here sooner you guys thoughts if you
checked it out don't forget to comment
like and subscribe down below and I will
be sure to send you a life jacket